# Unconstrained-Contemporaneous-Video-Based-Human-Profile-Recognition
As the digital world and real world merge more and more together, how to accurately and effectively identify users and improve information security has become an important research topic. Since the 9-11 terrorist attacks, governments all over the world have made urgent demands on this issue, prompting the development of emerging identification methods. Traditional identity recognition technology mainly relies on the individual’s own memory (password, username, etc.) or foreign objects (ID card, key, etc.). However, whether by virtue of foreign objects or their own memory, there are serious security risks. If the identification items that prove their identity are stolen or forgotten, it is not only difficult to regain the original identity material, but also the identity information can be easily acquired by others. As a result, if the identity is impersonated by others, then there will be serious consequences. 

         Different from the traditional identity recognition technology, biometrics is the use of the inherent characteristics of the body for identification, such as fingerprints, irises, face and so on. When comparing the differences between different biometrics, we can see that the cost of facial recognition is low, the acceptance from users is easy, and the acquisition of information is easy. Besides being non-intrusive, more natural and easy to use, it can also be captured at a distance and in a covert manner.

              Facial recognition is the use of computer vision technology and related algorithms, from the pictures or videos to find faces, and then analyse the identity. In addition, further analysis of the acquired face may provide some additional attributes of the individual, such as gender, age, emotion, and etc. While the main focus was on image-based face recognition in the beginning, it shifted more and more towards video-based approaches in the last years. These are developed in order to overcome shortcomings of image-based recognizers like sensitivity to low resolution, pose variations and partial occlusion.  Compared with static images, video carries a larger amount of data and a more complicated scene too. In this project, a method of video-based face recognition is proposed which is fast, robust, not complex and achieves greater accuracy with relatively simple and easy to comprehend algorithms and techniques for real-time application.
